Add contributing instructions to PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE (#17713)
storybookjs/storybook: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

> Everybody: Please submit all PRs to the `next` branch unless they are specific to the current release. Storybook maintainers cherry-pick bug and documentation fixes into the `master` branch as part of the release process, so you shouldn't need to worry about this. For additional guidance: https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: Update based on https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/pull/17713#pullrequestreview-909730020.

```suggestion
Everybody: Please submit all PRs to the `next` branch unless they are specific to the current release. Storybook maintainers cherry-pick bug and documentation fixes into the `master` branch as part of the release process, so you shouldn't need to worry about this. For additional guidance: https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/contribute/how-to-contribute
```
